Docstrings construct `QuantumTape` via initialization instead of queuing (#4243)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Documentation 📝</h3>

> * Part of the documentation is updated to construct `QuantumTape` upon initialization instead of with queuing.

Author: ```suggestion
* The documentation is updated to construct `QuantumTape` upon initialization instead of with queuing.
  [(#4243)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4243)
```
